add read only store (#674)
patchlevel/event-sourcing: docs/pages/store.md

    You can pass messages to the constructor to initialize the store with some events.
    
### ReadOnlyStore & StreamReadOnlyStore

Last but not least, we offer two read-only stores.
One for the `DoctrineDbalStore` and one for the `StreamDoctrineDbalStore`.

> It passes all methods to the underlying store, but the save throws an `StoreIsReadOnly` exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It passes all methods to the underlying store, but throws an `StoreIsReadOnly` exception when trying to execute write operations.
```
